Update index.md (#127)
mParticle/docs: src/pages/integrations/google-bigquery/data-warehouse/index.md

## BigQuery Configuration

> To get data loading going, please complete the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load data, please complete the following steps.
```
